<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' standalone='no'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic-5140" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic ">
  <title class="- topic/title ">Budget-Friendly Guide to Fixing a Clogged Sink</title>
  <shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc "/>
  <body class="- topic/body ">
    <p class="- topic/p ">This guide is dedicated to providing  steps to solving a clogged sink with budget-friendly solutions in mind. For college students, being able to find the most accessible and cheapest solution can help in clearing cost while being able to solve the issue quickly with the least amount of time. </p>
    <p class="- topic/p ">In this guide, information regarding sink stoppers, strategies, causes of clogs, and other information will be provided. A budget list of materials will be provided to inform of the cheapest pricing on the required items if purchase is needed.</p>
    <section class="- topic/section ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Table of Contents</b>
      </title>
      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Overview</b>
          </p>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Section I : First Step Before Anything</b>
          </p>
          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">What Type of Stoppers Are There?</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">How to Remove a Pop-Up Stopper?</p>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Section II : Methods to Solving a Clogged Sinks</b>
          </p>
          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">What Causes Clogs in Sinks</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">How to Unclog a Sink Using Baking Soda &amp; Vinegar?</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">How to Unclog a Sink Using a Plunger?</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">How to Unclog a Sink Using Drain Cleaner?</p>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Section III : What Other Remedies Are There?</b>
          </p>
          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">What Strategies Can Be Used to Prevent Clogs?</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Budget of Materials Reference</p>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </section>
    <section class="- topic/section ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">How to Use This Guide</b>
      </title>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The guide itself is structured to navigate users to understand the prerequisites needed before beginning the actual process of repairing. It is curated for beginners who have had no experience in solving this issue. </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">If you are a beginner, follow the guide step-by-step to ensure effectiveness and efficiency.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">If you are a returning user or have used other guides before, you can navigate to the necessary sections that you require.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
